h1. Assortment of Ruby scripts

This project contains an assortment of Ruby scripts mostly used for transforming data files from one format to another.

h2. The convert_cities scripts

These scripts are used to convert Canada and Mexico city postal data into the format required by Bennett International Group's auto rater system.

h2. The import_dormant script

This script was used to transform a CSV data file containing trailer dormancy information into an SQL script used to import the data into Bennett's Oracle database.

h2. The import_text_messages script

This script was used to transform a CSV data file containing text messages from a Qualcomm in-cab GPS and messaging system into a SQL script used to import the data into Bennett's Oracle database.

h2. The create_site script

This script is used to create and initialize an Apache web site. It automates a number of typically manual step required to setup a web site and add a user account and other basic tasks required.

This script was created in collaboration with "Eric Stewart":http://www.ericstewart.org/.

h2. The textile_docs_generator script

This script is used to simply the creation of documentation by allowing the writer to use the Textile markup language. The script is used to convert the Textile document into HTML.

See the example "Gitosis_Install" document in both the original Textile source and the HTML output version.

This script was created in collaboration with "Eric Stewart":http://www.ericstewart.org/.
